all right here we go 2008 Dennis gray
our gear go ahead it's uh this is for
club out of Pennsylvania or turkey or
turkey Pennsylvania's I believe he's in
Turkey and he's relatively with them
link here we go to lib 2008 39 year
collinsworth to 250 mcfadden to 250 then
all right Darrell strong rookie to 999
base base base Oh Michael Turner ex face
to 250
those before he hit still looking dexter
jackson to 500 cool they're all in the
back devin thomas to 500 Kevin Robinson
rookie to 999 a lot of see remembered
and inserts yup just no hits yet here we
go it was chester taylor thought it was
going to be a p245 patch okay mr. Taylor
game use patch remember that 45
Rory Williams x2 250 and so cool steve
slaton auto patch 250 number 250 yeah
what's the number twenty forty-six of 50
okay that's nice yeah it's a nice car
you know before you up in that I just
not sure there is some red on that patch
there there you go let's call it the
other one nice-looking pad rookie auto
Steve
we're getting down to it really getting
down to it two packs yes sir some
Marshawn Lynch one of 25 I've got Oh
face and last pack last fact yep open
there's a hit in here close to me 30
steve slaton again yeah without the auto
though in Jersey ball jersey or
something 25 of 50 okay steve slaton box
that's not bad that wasn't too bad all
right buddy there you go no it's all the
hits for you and I'll get these uh I
just send these to Pennsylvania for you
so there you go buddy All Right see
you